BugFix: Van der Corput - consider span for resolution check (#552)
personalrobotics/aikido: CHANGELOG.md

  * Cleaned up doxygen errors: [#357](https://github.com/personalrobotics/aikido/pull/357)
  * Fixed bug in compiling with Boost 1.58 on Kinetic + Xenial: [#490](https://github.com/personalrobotics/aikido/pull/490)
  * Fixed bug in Interpolated::addWaypoint(): [#483](https://github.com/personalrobotics/aikido/pull/483)

>   * Fixed bug in VanDerCorput sequence generator in handling non-unit Span: [#552](https://github.com/personalrobotics/aikido/pull/552)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed bug in VanDerCorput sequence generator to handle non-unit span: [#552](https://github.com/personalrobotics/aikido/pull/552)
```
